<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptId">
 <title>Using keys to remove the inhibitors</title>
    <shortdesc>Addressing the inhibitors to content reuse takes planning. Looking at each inhibitor
        gives clues on how to deal best use keys to provide the flexibility needed to reuse content
        across a product family.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The reason writing generically is difficult is because it may be difficult, at times, to
            mentally separate the context from the content. This mindset can be difficult to break,
            but you can analyze the writing and determine the elements that appear <q>unique</q>,
            isolate them, and then use the keyref facility to swap the contexts when you build the
            information. This gives the writer the ability to write comfortably and later indicate
            the areas where the context changes. The writer can then isolate those areas to be
            replaced with the correct structures, identify the needed keys, and implement the keys
            correctly.</p>
        <p>When the writer is aware the content will appear in multiple contexts, it becomes easier
   to plan the writing so there are blocks that are specifically context heavy. Those areas can then
   be <q>lifted</q> from the text, identified, and then replaced by a placeholder pointing to the
   identifier. Because the content starts life as a candidate for reuse in multiple contexts,
   implementing keyref use is easier than when content reuse is an afterthought or when there is a
   nebulous sense of reuse like there could be in the generic writing case.</p>
  <p>It is beyond the scope of this paper to go into a step-by-step methodology for using keys to
   provide context, but I will present some examples of how to use keys and keyref to supply context
   for content that is devoid of context.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
