<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2004, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "C:\DITA-OT1.4\dtd\topic.dtd">
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<topic id="Y" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>dita</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>dita</keyword>> element provides a top-level container
for multiple topics when you create documents using the ditabase document
type. The &lt;<keyword>dita</keyword>> element lets you create any sequence
of concept, task, and reference topics, and the ditabase document type lets
you further nest these topic types inside each other. The &lt;<keyword>dita</keyword>>
element has no particular output implications; it simply allows you to create
multiple topics of different types at the same level in a single document.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>dita</indexterm><indexterm>Compound topics</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<body>

<section><title>Contained by</title>Not contained by any other element. The
root element for the<?Pub Caret?> compound DITA document type.</section>
<section><title>Inheritance</title>Not a specializable DITA element.</section>

<example>     <title>Example</title>     <pre>&lt;dita>
  &lt;concept id="batintro">...&lt;/concept>
  &lt;reference id="batparts">...&lt;/reference>
  &lt;task id="batfeeding">...&lt;/task>
  &lt;task id="battraining">...&lt;/task>
  &lt;task id="batcleanup">...&lt;/task>
&lt;/dita></pre>       </example>
</body>
 <topic id="Y1" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Y1</title>
  <body>
   <section>          <p>Use the generic topic structure for untyped topics. <?Pub Caret?><indexterm>Topic
    elements</indexterm>          </p>       </section>
  </body>
  <topic id="Y1a" xml:lang="en-us">
   <title>Y1a</title>
   <body>
    <section>
     <p>The programming domains elements are used to define the syntax and to give
      examples of programming languages.<indexterm>Domains elements<indexterm>programming
       elements</indexterm>
      </indexterm><indexterm>programming elements</indexterm></p>
    </section>
   </body>
  </topic>
 </topic>
</topic>

