<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.2 Concept//EN"
 "../demo/dita12/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="acronyms" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Sample topic to test all acronym processing</title>
<shortdesc>This topic includes many tests of term and acronym resolution.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<ul>
<li>key "ibm" defines a term, surface form, and acronym.</li>
<li>xref reference to ibm, should be full term: <xref keyref="ibm"/></li>
<li>keyword reference to ibm, should be full term: <keyword keyref="ibm"/></li>
<li>Term reference to ibm, should be surface form: <term keyref="ibm"></term></li>
<li>First abbreviated form to ibm, should be acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="ibm"/></li>
<li>Second abbreviated form to ibm, should be acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="ibm"/></li>
<li>key meq_l defines a term, surface form, and acronym.</li>
<li>xref reference to meq_l, should be full term: <xref keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>keyword reference to meq_l, should be full term: <keyword keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>second keyword reference to meq_l, should be full term: <keyword keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>Abbreviation meq_l, should be surface term: <abbreviated-form keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>Second abbreviation meq_l, should be acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>Third abbreviation meq_l, should be acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>Term reference to meq_l, should be acronym: <term keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>Second term reference to meq_l, should be acronym: <term keyref="meq_l"/></li>
<li>UPA defines a term and acronym.</li>
<li>xref reference to upa, should be "Ultimate Players Association" <xref keyref="upa"/></li>
<li>keyword reference to upa, should be "Ultimate Players Association" <keyword keyref="upa"/></li>
<li>Term reference to upa, should be "Ultimate Players Association" <term keyref="upa"></term></li>
<li>Another term reference to upa, should be acronym: <term keyref="upa"></term></li>
<li>First abbreviated form to upa, should be acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="upa"/></li>
<li>Second abbreviated form to upa, should be acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="upa"/></li>
<li>UN contains a term; surface form and acronym are empty. All reference should display the term.</li>
<li>xref: <xref keyref="un"/></li>
<li>keyword: <keyword keyref="un"/></li>
<li>First term: <term keyref="un"/></li>
<li>Second term: <term keyref="un"/></li>
<li>First abbreviation: <abbreviated-form keyref="un"/></li>
<li>Second abbreviation: <abbreviated-form keyref="un"/></li>
<li>YMMV has a term and surface form, but no acronym.</li>
<li>xref, display full term: <xref keyref="ymmv"/></li>
<li>keyword, display full term: <keyword keyref="ymmv"/></li>
<li>First term, display surface form: <term keyref="ymmv"/></li>
<li>Second term, display full term: <term keyref="ymmv"/></li>
<li>First abbreviation, display full term: <abbreviated-form keyref="ymmv"/></li>
<li>Second abbreviation, display full term: <abbreviated-form keyref="ymmv"/></li>
<li>SADEC has a term and acronym, but no surface form.</li>
<li>xref, display full term: <xref keyref="dental.sadec"/></li>
<li>keyword, display full term: <keyword keyref="dental.sadec"/></li>
<li>First abbrev, display full term: <abbreviated-form keyref="dental.sadec"/></li>
<li>Second abbrev, display acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="dental.sadec"/></li>
<li>Third abbrev, display acronym: <abbreviated-form keyref="dental.sadec"/></li>
<li>First term, display acronym: <term keyref="dental.sadec"/></li>
<li>Second term, display acronym: <term keyref="dental.sadec"/></li>
<li>"concept" is a concept topic</li>
<li>xref: should display concept title: <xref keyref="concept"/></li>
<li>Keyword: should display concept title: <keyword keyref="concept"/></li>
<li>term: should display concept title: <term keyref="concept"/></li>
<li>abbreviated-form: THIS IS AN ERROR: <abbreviated-form keyref="concept"/></li>
<li>Now try just pulling in text:</li>
 <!-- <li>xref pulls linktext: <xref keyref="linktext"/></li> -->
<li>keyword pulls linktext: <keyword keyref="linktext"/></li>
<li>term pulls linktext: <term keyref="linktext"/></li>
<li>abbreviated-form pulls linktext - ERROR CONDITION: <abbreviated-form keyref="linktext"/></li>
<li>abbreviated-form pulls keyword - ERROR CONDITION: <abbreviated-form keyref="keyword"/></li>
<li>term pulls keyword: <term keyref="keyword"/></li>
<li>keyword pulls keyword: <keyword keyref="keyword"/></li>
 <!-- <li>xref pulls keyword: <xref keyref="keyword"/></li>-->
</ul>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001277?>
