<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "../dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="two" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>List Test</title>
<shortdesc>Test on simple list, nested list, list in table.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You need to do this first.</prereq>
<context>The stage needs to be set just so.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Test Simple list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Test nested list.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>which is done by doing this</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>and then this.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Test list in table.</cmd>

<choicetable>
<chrow>
<choption>Set the <varname>Path</varname> environment variable to include
the directory where you installed the Ant bin directory.</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Find the <varname>Path</varname> environment variable in the list.
If <varname>Path</varname> is not listed, click on <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> under the System variables section.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>%ANT_HOME%\bin</codeph><note type="important">If there are other variables
listed, create a new variable separated by a semicolon. Ensure
there are no spaces before or after the semicolon.</note></li>
<li>new designed nested ol list.
<ol>
<li>li1</li>
<li>li2</li>
<li>nested<ol><li>sub-li1</li><li>sub-li2</li></ol></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Set the <varname>ANT_HOME_test</varname>
 environment variable to
the directory where you installed Ant.</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click on <uicontrol>New New</uicontrol>
 under the System variables
section.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>ANT_HOME</codeph> in the variable name field.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>C:\ant</codeph> in the variable value field.</li>
</ol></chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Set the <varname>JAVA_HOME</varname> environment variable to
the directory where you installed the J2SE SDK application.</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click on <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> under the System variables
section.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>JAVA_HOME</codeph> in the variable name field.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>C:\j2sdk1.4.2_08</codeph> in the variable value field.</li>
</ol></chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Set the <varname>JHHOME</varname> environment variable to the
directory where you installed the JavaHelp application.</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Click on <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> under the System variables
section.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>JHHOME</codeph> in the variable name field.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>C:\javahelp\jh2.0\javahelp\bin</codeph> in the variable value
field.</li>
</ol></chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Set the <varname>CLASSPATH </varname>environment variable to
include the .jar files from the Apache FOP application.</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Find the <varname>CLASSPATH </varname> environment variable in the
list. If  <varname>CLASSPATH </varname> is not listed, click on <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
 under the System variables section.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>C:\fop-0.20.5\build\fop.jar;C:\fop-0.20.5\lib\batik.jar;C:\fop-0.20.5\lib\avalon-framework-cvs-20020806.jar</codeph><note type="important">If
there are other variables listed, create new variable separated
by a semicolon. Ensure
there are no spaces before or after the semicolon.</note></li>
</ol></chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Set the <varname>CLASSPATH</varname> environment variable to
include the directory where you installed Saxon.</choption>
<chdesc><ol>
<li>Find the <varname>CLASSPATH</varname> environment variable in the
list. If <varname>CLASSPATH </varname> is not listed, click on <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
 under the System variables section.</li>
<li>Type <codeph>C:\saxon\saxon.jar</codeph><note type="important">If there are other variables
listed, create a new variable separated by a semicolon. Ensure
there are no spaces before or after the semicolon.</note></li>
</ol></chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable>

</step>
</steps>
<example>Here's an <ph>example</ph>.</example>
<postreq>Now, you too can do this...</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>