<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"><?path2project?><topic id="topicmerge" xml:lang="en-us" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)    " class="- topic/topic ">
  <title class="- topic/title ">Topic merge</title>
  <body class="- topic/body ">
    <p class="- topic/p ">The topic merge feature improves the build speed of DITA files and reduces the possibility of
      meeting the out of memory exception in the build process. As illustrated in the following
      figure, when you run the build in previous releases of DITA Open Toolkit, the build speed is
      slow and you are likely to get out of memory exception.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p ">With this enhanced topic merge feature, you will be less likely to meet the out of memory
      exception error when you build output through DITA files. The intermediate merged file will
      keep the structure information in the DITA map, and the structured toc will be reflected in
      the output.</p>
    <p rev="r4" class="- topic/p ">To know more about this topic feature, you can write a script file first. DITA OT
      1.3 offers a module, <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph ">TopicMerge</codeph>, that helps you implement this feature. You
      can use this module to generate the merged files. A sample usage of this module is as
      follows.</p>
    <p rev="r3" class="- topic/p ">Then, you need to type in the command window.<note class="- topic/note ">The path for -Dinput must be an
        absolute path</note></p>
  </body>
<?path2project?><topic id="grandchild2" xml:lang="en-us" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)    " class="- topic/topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">grandchild2</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <section class="- topic/section ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Several DITA elements exist either for architectural reasons
or for support of specialized markup yet to be designed. Although there is
little need to use these elements unless you are directed to, some of them,
such as &lt;<apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">boolean</apiname>&gt; and &lt;<apiname class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">state</apiname>&gt;, can be used if your content
makes use of these semantic distinctions. A discussion of signals on a gate
of an integrated logic circuit, for example, might use the state element to
represent either on or off conditions of that gate.<indexterm class="- topic/indexterm ">Specialization
elements</indexterm>
         </p>
      </section>
   </body>
</topic></topic></dita>