<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN"
 "..\dtd\ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
<topic id="top" xml:lang="en-us"><?Pub Caret?>
<title>Main Topic</title>
<shortdesc>This is a DITA file which imbeds each type of topic, to make sure
they all work together. Each type of topic should also test nesting other
types of topics.</shortdesc>
<body>
<p>This is a topic. Now pull in all the garbage inside section:</p>
<section conref="everythinginsection.dita#gen/section"></section>
</body>
<related-links>
<link href="concept.dita" type="concept"></link>
<link href="dita.dita"></link>
<link href="task.dita" type="task"></link>
<link href="reference.dita" type="reference"></link>
</related-links>
<topic id="topintop">
<title>Topic in a topic</title>
<body>
<p>This is a topic, nested in a topic.</p>
</body>
</topic>
<concept id="conintop">
<title>Concept in a topic</title>
<conbody>
<p>This is a concept, nested in a topic</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<reference id="refintop">
<title>Reference in topic</title>
<refbody>
<section><title>testing reference in topic</title>This is a reference in a
topic</section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<task id="taskintop">
<title>Task in topic</title>
<taskbody>
<result>Finish testing task in topic.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
</topic>
<task id="task">
<title>Main Task</title>
<shortdesc>This is a task inside DITA</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You need to do this first.</prereq>
<result>Then you will have tested everything. Pull in all possible content
into an example:</result>
<example conref="everythinginsection.dita#gen/example"></example>
</taskbody>
<topic id="topintask">
<title>Topic in a task</title>
<body>
<p>This is a topic, nested in a task.</p>
</body>
</topic>
<concept id="conintask">
<title>Concept in a task</title>
<conbody>
<p>This is a concept, nested in a task</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<reference id="refintask">
<title>Reference in task</title>
<refbody>
<section><title>testing reference in task</title>This is a reference in a
task</section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<task id="taskintask">
<title>Task in task</title>
<taskbody>
<result>Finish testing task in task.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
</task>
<concept id="concept">
<title>Main Concept</title>
<shortdesc>This is a concept in DITA, which follows topic and task</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Here's a <b>cute</b>, <i>little</i> concept. Now pull everything in to
a section:</p>
<section conref="everythinginsection.dita#gen/section"></section>
</conbody>
<topic id="topincon">
<title>Topic in a Concept</title>
<body>
<p>This is a topic, nested in a Concept.</p>
</body>
</topic>
<concept id="conincon">
<title>Concept in a Concept</title>
<conbody>
<p>This is a concept, nested in a Concept</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<reference id="refincon">
<title>Reference in Concept</title>
<refbody>
<section><title>testing reference in Concept</title>This is a reference in
a Concept</section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<task id="taskincon">
<title>Task in Concept</title>
<taskbody>
<result>Finish testing task in Concept.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
</concept>
<reference id="reference">
<title>Main Reference</title>
<refbody>
<section><title>This is a reference, which is a child of DITA</title>It follows
topic, task, and concept. Next pull all possible content into a section:</section>
<section conref="everythinginsection.dita#gen/section"></section>
</refbody>
<topic id="topinref">
<title>Topic in a reference</title>
<body>
<p>This is a topic, nested in a reference.</p>
</body>
</topic>
<concept id="coninref">
<title>Concept in a reference</title>
<conbody>
<p>This is a concept, nested in a reference</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<reference id="refinref">
<title>Reference in reference</title>
<refbody>
<section><title>testing reference in reference</title>This is a reference
in a reference</section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<task id="taskinref">
<title>Task in reference</title>
<taskbody>
<result>Finish testing task in reference.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
</reference>
</dita>
<?Pub *0000004123?>
